c:\users\urbvik\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InförBilsimulator\ExempelRitaIFonster\bin\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.exe.config
c:\users\urbvik\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InförBilsimulator\ExempelRitaIFonster\bin\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.exe
c:\users\urbvik\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InförBilsimulator\ExempelRitaIFonster\bin\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.pdb
c:\users\urbvik\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InförBilsimulator\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\urbvik\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InförBilsimulator\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.Form1.resources
c:\users\urbvik\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InförBilsimulator\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\urbvik\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InförBilsimulator\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\urbvik\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InförBilsimulator\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.exe
c:\users\urbvik\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\InförBilsimulator\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.pdb
C:\Users\urbvik\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StartBilsimulator\ExempelRitaIFonster\bin\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.exe.config
C:\Users\urbvik\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StartBilsimulator\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.exe
C:\Users\urbvik\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StartBilsimulator\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ExempelRitaIFonster\bin\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ExempelRitaIFonster\bin\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ExempelRitaIFonster\bin\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ExempelRitaIFonster\obj\Debug\ExempelRitaIFonster.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
